Majority Logbook

Majority Logbook


Friday June 23rd
Today marked the first day of actually beginning to plan how the application would be created. It was a full eight hour day in which the following was completed:-
* Github account created
* User stories migrated onto Github
* Google Drive account created
* Use case Scenarios completed
* Use case diagram completed
* Android library research


The use case scenarios have proved interesting in two ways. Some flow of events have shown to be more difficult than previously thought for example the login section). Whereas other sections that we believed would be difficult are easier than expected (the actual voting system).
        There are some features that were outlined in the user stories that we have not included. For example, being exposed to projects based on the user's location, commenting on projects etc.. We felt that it would be better to produce an initial MVP and then build additional features, that are not necessary to the functionality of the application, on top of it.         Today I learnt a good deal about relationships within use case diagrams, how to use the wiki within Github and layouts within the android library. There was a good ethos while working today and a lot of work/documentation was produced. We also contacted Rogerio to ascertain what he wanted from us for our ‘Early Deliverables’ and we will await his response.


Saturday 24th June
Today we began the day by creating site maps for both the android and web applications, creating sequence diagrams and began creating class diagrams. However, when creating the class diagrams, we quickly realised that as we both had little experience with android, we needed to better understand the android libraries. We completed a joint read through of the documentation and then spent a few hours completing an online course that I had previously purchased. We then decided it would be best to start creating the application before the modeling them with the class diagrams.


        We began by creating a few activity classes and then creating the UI with android’s inbuilt XML builder. We created a splash page, a login page, a signup page, and a dashboard page. We then managed to link all the pages up by creating new intent objects when a button was pushed. As we were new to android libraries, we kept all the code we needed in a separate file, as well as any useful information.


Sunday 25th June
Today we continued by creating more activity classes and by linking them up. Tom and I came to some difficulty when loading a new activity from an activity with two buttons. We both had trouble with this and will try again tomorrow. We also looked at different android studio plugins for creating activity diagrams. We tried both codeIris and Visual Paradigm. codeIris enabled us to view all of the classes that were being used. However, it would only show us the class names and not its contents. Visual Paradigm is a software that I have used before in eclipse. However, I have not been successful in figuring out how to create the class diagram.


Monday 26th June
Today we received feedback from Rogerio regarding what he was expecting from us for the early deliverable. From his response, I feel we have got off on the wrong foot with him. Perhaps we should have contacted him sooner. As this is the case, we began working on the report that is due Thursday. Tom had work in the morning and so I began with the market research. Once Tom had finished, he reviewed the market research and we began working on the market risk analysis and project risk analysis. Tom finished early so he began creating a gantt chart. I then added condensed use case scenarios as the requirements and specifications.
        We worked very productively and got a lot done. Once completed, we sent a draft to Rogerio to review.




Wednesday 28th June
Due to Tom’s limited availability, I have spent the day creating a new gitHub repository for the Majority web application. I also began working on adding the html for most of the web-pages we will be using. I spent some time researching which text editor would be best for us to use for the web application and from this research, I found that Atom would prove best as it has an in built integration with gitHub.


On Tuesday we received feedback from the early deliverable draft that we sent Rogerio and this evening Tom and I began making the amendments to it. We swapped the condensed use cases for user stories, added an introduction and added a diagram outlining the proposed systems architecture. Today was not as productive as previous days. However, a lot was still completed.


Thursday 29th June
Tom had limited availability today, due to personal issues. As this was the case, I spent the day better familiarising myself with the AngularJS framework that we hope to build the web application in. I found this research very interesting and am actually excited to use it, because of it’s simplicity.


In the morning Tom and I reviewed the early deliverable, made a few adjustments and submitted it. We also received an email from Rogerio about meeting him on July 5, but I know this is a date Tom was unable to do.


Wednesday 5th July
Today we had our first meeting with Rogerio, which went better than we first anticipated. The key areas of advice we have received have been on centering our process around the user, focusing on our USP (budgeting), understanding the different sections we are to take care of and defining which technologies we should use.
        I think this advice will be really useful and is giving us a broader picture of the scope of the project. Until this point we have been focussing on the finer details of how we will get the application work (authentication, database, etc.). However, our main area of research was originally around budgeting.


Friday 7th July
Today I wanted to better understand in which way we could best create the backend of the system. We originally thought that it would be best to build the project on a django framework. Firstly because it was scalable, but also because I will be learning and using this personally at work. However, when speaking with another colleague, he suggested that it may be worth using firebase. I had seen firebase earlier in the year when initially learning android, but it seemed unnecessary at the time. Looking through it, you can easily see the benefits of using it. As this is the case I have begun researching in detail whether it would be right for our project. I will speak later with Tom about this.


Monday 10th July
I spent the day modelling the database. This proved difficult, as it’s not something I have really had to do this year, besides the modelling we did within the Web Systems module. One thing I am finding complex is associating one vote per person per project. I feel i might need to study this in greater detail, as it is proving more difficult than initially anticipated.


Tuesday 11th July
Today I spent the day finalising the model. It is still patchy, but it is better defined than previously. Tom and I also had a conversation as to how we can manage our time more efficiently. At the moment Tom is working full time, which is affecting our productivity. I have no doubt the finished product will be up to the standards we have defined. However, the process could be easier if we better manage ourselves.


Wednesday 12th July
We had our second meeting with Rogerio today. This proved useful as it gave us a better insight into what we need to look at to better our process. We decided today that we wanted to actually stop creating the application and start thinking what we want from the application. Or, rather what the user would want from the application.


Thursday 13th July
Today I travelled from Farnborough to London, so that Tom and I could work together. We spent the day revisiting our documentation and time management. We felt from the meeting with Rogerio yesterday that we need to focus more on the process and worry less about the finished product. We have put a hold on all coding and have decided to get the process locked in.


Saturday 15th July
Today Tom and I spent the day working from Farnborough. In the morning Tom met up with Dan to get an initial understanding of what kind of features they are hoping for and limitations we might expect. This has completely changed the way we are looking at the project. Our initial ideas of how the budgeting would take place (ie. one budget per organisation without sub-budgets for directorates.


With the information we got from Dan, I started researching other organisations that might be interested in the project. I have completed and in depth analysis of both the Tudor Trust and the Greenham Trust. The Tudor trust is interesting. However, it looks as if it only targets individuals who are on the fringe of society and not just general change. The Greenham Trust on the other hand, is an organisation that looks as if it may be willing to partner with us.


Monday 16th July
With a better understanding of what Dan wants from the project I began by re-aligning all our documentation with what he is expecting from the prototype. I began by working on the use case diagrams and use case scenarios. These haven’t differed too much from what we previously expected them to be. However, there have been minor additions such as the ability to add details to projects.


Tuesday 17th July
Today Tom and I revisited our initial business plan that we submitted for our early deliverable. This mainly consisted of updating the user stories to reflect new features dan would like and removing all the features we had previously added in regarding separate budgets.
Another thing we have done today is defining the terminology for our project. Since speaking with Dan, we have been able to better understand the language that is used within councils. ANother thing we have been able to understand, is how budgets are created and signed-off within the council. This is usually dependant on the size of the budget. However, for majority, we would need to speak with councillors themselves to have a budget signed off.


Wednesday 18th July
We had our third meeting with Rogerio, this was carried out on conference site as Tom was in Berlin. It was very helpful and has enabled us to better understand what we want from the final product. The key aspects that Rogerio wanted us to focus on were:-
* A more organic documentation process
* Clarifying the terminology
* Separating the terminology from the workflow
The meeting was much better doing it online as it has not interrupted my flow of work. Previously, Tom and I were both travelling up on a wednesday to do this, which actually lost us a day. We will speak with Rogerio to see if he would not mind continuing like this.


Thursday 19th July
I have been working on the documentation today, as advised by Rogerio. I began by separating the terminology and the workflow. Which was actually quite difficult as Tom and I originally thought the terminology and workflow to be the same thing. This included a better specification of the terminology that would then filter through to the rest of the documentation (user stories etc.).
Following this, i began working on the Activity Diagrams. This is not something I have had a great deal of experience with as we only had a few sessions learning them within Rogerio’s class and I have not needed to use them outside of this. I have designed the activity diagrams so that there is one each for both phase one and phase two.
After working on the activity diagrams I be completed the final draft of the user stories. The features involved in this didn’t actually have any change. The main changes that were involved, included changes to the use of terminology. I can now understand the use of having a natural flow when creating documentation.


Friday 20th July
As we have decided to divide the documentation up between us, I have decided to leave the use case scenarios and diagrams and start working on the web admin interface. Initially we wanted to just reuse an interface that someone had already created, due to the time constraints. However, due to the majority of the already, well built interfaces requiring users to include an MIT license within their product. I have decided to build one from scratch. I have loosely used one of the available interfaces as a design template, but have coded the rest of it.


Saturday 21st July


Wednesday 26th July
* Started working on web admin interface
* Customised existing template


Thursday 27th July
* Continued working on web admin interface
* Due to copyright issues, started from scratch


Friday 28th July
* Continued working on web admin interface with completed first draft

Saturday 29th July
* Worked on android navigation
* Started working with fragments instead of activities


Wednesday 2nd August
* Started defining new documentation as per new sub-project
* Setup application on firebase with server
* Enabled username and email authentication
* Meeting with Rogerio regarding new sub-project

Thursday 3rd August
* Refined documentation:-
  terminology
  workflow
  user stories
* Successfully implemented authentication (create user, login and logout)
* Began implementing realtime database interaction

