User Stories V2


Citizen


Story: As a citizen of Bracknell county council, I want to be able to propose projects of change in the local community(park renovation, more shops, disability access etc.), in relation to an available public budget. (A budget will only be drawn by admin once so many of the population have voted)
Details: Form function which posts to a list feed of current proposed projects
Tests:
1. Mock project will be created by user one
2. User two will view new project in feed
3. Admin account will view project


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to click and vote for projects that have been created, so that a decision can be made on what changes should take place.
Details: Yes or no button
Tests:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. User two will vote yes
3. User three will vote no


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to see the council's remaining total budget for the specified time period(quarter, year etc.) in the form of a graph/pie chart etc. I would also like to be able to see the the remaining sub-budget totals for each service sector.
Details: Activity which provides a graphical representation of the remaining budget for the quarter (both the total budget and individual service sector budgets.
Test:
1. Ten mock projects will be created each assigned different service sectors.
2. Admin will then pass each project.
3. User will then view the output of the graphs on the activity.


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to see a feed of projects that might interest me within the local area that I could vote for.
Details: This will be in the form of a dashboard, this will include filters based on service sector and recently proposed projects.
Tests:
1. Fifty shell projects will be created
2. Three user accounts will be created
3. All users will view their dashboard


Story: As a citizen, I want a government administrator to upload a budget forecast, a service sector and timelines for implementation for a particular project, that will then be able to view.
Details: Once 25% of the population have voted yes for a project, admin will be sent an email with the initial project outline and comments. They will then work on forecasting a budget. NB. Look at the current petition laws for assessing how many votes it takes before an idea/project is taken seriously.
Tests:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. All users will vote on the project
3. At the 40% marker government official will draw up an estimated budget and timeline for implementation








________________


Government Administrator


Story: As a government administrator, I want to view initial trending projects and suggestions that have been made by the public via a catchment area based feed.
Details: Statistical breakdown of the types of projects that are being most often suggested, approved and voted for in their constituents’ area
Tests:
1. Five user accounts will be created
2. Five projects will be created in and outside of catchment area.
3. We will simulate votes on those projects and create statistical feedback in graphs etc. 


Story: As a government administrator, I want to be able to enter budget and concise project plan via form, so that users can view this.
Details: This will be a cms created for admin use only.
Test:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. Admin one will enter budget details and submit
3. User one will view approved budget


Story: As a governmental administrator, I want to be able to terminate a trending project, if it is no longer feasible(due to legal reasons etc.).
Details: This will show on the projects page and will visually indicate to the user that the project has been cancelled and provide an appropriate reason.
Test:
1. We will simulate the creation of a ‘bad’ project
2. Administrator one will terminate a trending project and provide an explanation for the termination


Story: As a governmental administrator, I want to be able to see the budget remaining for the specified time period(quarter, year etc.).
Details: Detailed timeline provided by the initial forecaster, with step by step accounts and feedback from the ‘project manager’. 
Test:
1. A project space will be created on the administrative platform
2. The government project manager will then update the project profile with an accounting of the timeline, budget, spend, delays etc.
3. We will simulate this profile and it’s updates




Story: As a governmental administrator, I want to be able to okay a project if a 60% vote benchmark has been reached.
Details: Administrator will receive notification once their budgeted project has been okayed and they will be able to accept project.
Tests:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. Votes will be simulated up to 40%
3. Admin will draw a budget
4. Votes will be simulated up to 60%
5. Admin will okay the project
6. User one will view project timeline